i want to make a browser game for my class to work as suppliment for a presentation. The format of the game will be as follows: You have a player, which you can move from left to right using your arrow keys. Ahead of then there is a street, where zombies will walk down it and try to touch the player. If they reach the player, it is game over. The street will have 3 lanes, each will different zombies being spawned at all times. The player has a gun, which will allways be firing, beginning at a fixed rate and increasing based their upgrades: There are 3 types of zombies: grunts, maulers, and tanks, each with 3 hp, 10 hp, and 100 hp respectively. Every time the player hits a zombie, it takes away one hp. all zombies are walking towards the player at the same speed. As for killing a zombie, when its health points reach 0, it is considered dead. Once a zombie dies, it will reward the player an amount of coins: 1 for grunts, 10 for maulers, and 50 for tanks. These coins can be spend on upgrades, namely 2 which are represented as buttons on teh players screen. One upgrade is fire rate, which will increase teh rate at which the player's gun fires. The increase fire rate upgrade can be optained up to 3 times per gun. The other is the new gun upgrade, which will remove the cap from teh fire rate by changing the players gun, and thereby allowing for another 3 upgrades of fire speed. There will be 3 guns in total, and to get a new gun, the player will need to answer a question from the presentation. On their screen, a prompt containing the question will come up and they will have to type the answer. Upon getting it correct, they will be allowed to get the upgrade. If they get it wrong, they can try again as many times as they want. As for the fire rate, that upgrade is purchased with gold. At the start of the game, there is the title screen, with a large buttom saying play. After starting, it loads the graphics and asks them, via another button on the screen, to start wave 1. After each wave, which carries an increasing number of the 3 different zombie types, the game will stop, and force the user to press start wave 2 to continue. This game will go on for 10 waves. After successfully completeing the 10th wave, the victory message will pop up, thereby ending the game. If at anypoint a zombie touches a player, the game will end, and it will flash the defeat screen, with another button asking the user to try again. As for the implementation of this, I want to host it from my github pages website, where I will create a directory containing the code, and then run it fully on the browser. There should be no extra graphics needed or things to download. Your task: take these ideas and formulate then into a proper SPEC.md file, which contains everythign that must be done in a clear way, so that Claude Code can implement. Use stardard format: 
- feature summary
- hard constraints
- examples
- definition of done
- test expectations
- rollout notes
